README.md, before:

# rfetch
This is my own fetch, witten in rust and I made this project by vibe coding.

Hello, my name is neko-chi. I want to post my fetch project ( ˶°ㅁ°) !! I code this fetch with vibe code, because I want to make a project and I dont know how to code (ᗒᗣᗕ)՞ Why i named it rfetch? Because I write in rust (˶˃ ᵕ ˂˶)

If you want to help this project more better, you can do that, you really help this project more better (づ> v <)づ♡

# How to use this project? 
    You must have this depedencies:
       Fedora:
       $ sudo dnf install rustc cargo

      Debian:
      $ sudo apt install rustc cargo
    
      Arch:
      $ sudo pacman -S rust cargo
    
      NixOS:
      {
        environment.systemPackages = with pkgs; [
          rustc
          cargo
        ];
      }
      and then: $ sudo nixos-rebuild switch

    For other distros, you can search rust and cargo package in your web package distros based by pcakage manager or you can ask ChatGPT ◅(´⌯⩊⌯`)▻

Commit message:

Add some notes
I add some notes why i didnt post this project by using binary package (ᵕ—ᴗ—)

README.md, after:

# rfetch
This is my own fetch, witten in rust and I made this project by vibe coding.

Hello, my name is neko-chi. I want to post my fetch project ( ˶°ㅁ°) !! I code this fetch with vibe code, because I want to make a project and I dont know how to code (ᗒᗣᗕ)՞ Why i named it rfetch? Because I write in rust (˶˃ ᵕ ˂˶)

If you want to help this project more better, you can do that, you really help this project more better (づ> v <)づ♡

By the way I didnt make it as binary, maybe I'll make it as binary later. I really sorry for that (ᵕ—ᴗ—)

# How to use this project? 
    You must have this depedencies:
       Fedora:
       $ sudo dnf install rustc cargo

      Debian:
      $ sudo apt install rustc cargo
    
      Arch:
      $ sudo pacman -S rust cargo
    
      NixOS:
      {
        environment.systemPackages = with pkgs; [
          rustc
          cargo
        ];
      }
      and then: $ sudo nixos-rebuild switch

    For other distros, you can search rust and cargo package in your web package distros based 
    by package manager or you can ask ChatGPT ◅(´⌯⩊⌯`)▻
